The top figures of the two peaks of the 5th Emperor
I will take you, a blind trash, as a guest
Crazy he's just crazy
Luo Zhan, don't talk nonsense
You know what you just said
What will be the charge?
Miss Xiao, I advise you
What happened today
You should stop pleading for this loser
Otherwise, beware of compromising your entertainment
What are you?
Dare to make trouble in front of me
Lord Zhao Jinshi
It's this trash
Today, regardless of the competition to recruit relatives, such a grand event
Regardless of celebrities from all walks of life next week
Disregarding the majesty of the Valkyrie Platform
Make a fool of yourself
Ignorant rat
bold
Haven't you heard of the prestige of the Martial God Platform?
You send a smiling face to the altar of martial arts
Haven't you heard of my famous Luo Zhan?
Laugh hahahahaha
A cat and a dog
I don't know
No, you know.
Why have you always been a little long rider?
Hands are because you are unwilling to make progress
The pattern is enemy
Only worthy in front of this group of ants
as
Luo Zhan, I see you've had enough chasing
Do you know who is standing in front of you?
A mere chicken blood
In other words, I don't even have the qualifications to talk to me at ordinary times
Hahahahaha
Today is an auspicious day for the emperor
The five emperors and five feet specially told me
Never kill and see blood
Boy, you're lucky today
Kneel down immediately and kowtow three times to me
What you just said
I can pretend I didn't hear it.